It's okay, have a good rest first.
Don't think about anything else
Why didn't Mr. Gu tell him just now?
He was just beaten up like that by my mom
Mention it as soon as you wake up
I'm afraid he'll be irritated
Yeah.
The doctor said he shouldn't be too emotional now
Then wait.
The old lady will observe first
OK
Xiao Wei's company is going out of business
How come?
I didn't just put the money into the jewelry last time.
You told me two days ago that I was going to be fine.
I don't know what happened.
Suddenly maliciously suppressed
All the cooperating manufacturers have run away
There are still rumors in the circle
Saying that no one can cooperate with us
Isn't that driving me to death?
It is estimated that Zhao Tingchuan instructed something
Yunyao's husband
Why is he an ex-husband?
They have left
It is estimated that Zhao Tingchuan felt too ashamed
In order to get revenge on him, he took it out on our family
What should we do now?
I heard you're going to take half of his fortune
Isn't he worth a hundred billion?
At least then I'm going to ask him for money now